Update links and reorder logos (#58)
AlignmentResearch/KataGoVisualizer: README.md

# KataGo Visualizer

> This repo contains visualization tools for the paper ['Adversarial Policies Beat Professional-Level Go AIs'](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.00241) ([website](https://goattack.far.ai/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains visualization tools for the paper ['Adversarial Policies Beat Superhuman Go AIs'](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.00241) ([website](https://goattack.far.ai/))
```
